[Music]
do you consider yourself a riddle expert
then let's move straight past the easy
ones and get to the next level of our
riddle ladder I challenge you to crack
these twelve brain teasers within 10
seconds each
but fair's fair at the end you'll get to
know how well you've weathered the storm
so remember to write down how many
riddles you've nailed number one a tough
choice Olivia's boyfriend Ethan worked
in Antarctica once and to stay there for
four months but while he was away Olivia
started to date someone else when Ethan
found out he got really mad he kidnapped
Olivia and brought her to Antarctica
there he left her in a small house with
some warm clothes food and water if you
can survive for two months I'll come
back and pick you up otherwise it's your
problem to increase her chances to stay
alive Ethan also let Olivia choose one
of the following things body lotion a
potted plant a pair of sunglasses and
vitamin C tablets what object should she
choose you have ten seconds to figure it
out
[Music]
Olivia should pick sunglasses in
Antarctica sunlight is incredibly bright
and UV radiation is very high
that's why without sunglasses she could
damage her eyes or even go blind -
kidnapping wasn't the last one about
kidnapping a wealthy businessman was
kidnapped right from his house
the detective who arrived to investigate
the case found nothing inside except a
strange and mysterious note with three
seven seven one three written on it
there are three suspects Eric Ellie and
Colin you have ten seconds to help the
detective identify the criminal
[Music]
the kidnapper is Ellie her name is the
one coated in the note three dangerous
escape Jack is locked in a room with two
doors and no windows there's nothing
inside but a chair a table and a tiny
six inch wide hole in the ceiling behind
the first door there's a venomous snake
and the second door leads to a glass
tunnel that magnifies sunlight as a
result if Jack steps inside he won't
survive the blazing temperatures how can
the man escape you have only ten seconds
to help him
[Music]
jack has to wait until it's dark outside
he can check it through the hole in the
ceiling and leave through the glass
tunnel without any problems for an
artful plan an inspector came to a
school and started to quiz the students
by asking tricky questions but
surprisingly every time he asked
something all of the students raised
their hands and every time the teacher
picked a new student to answer and all
the answers were correct the inspector
was very confused can you figure out how
it was possible
[Music]
the teacher made a deal with the
students that all of them would raise
their hands but the students who
actually knew the answer had to raise
their right hands and those who didn't
were supposed to raise their left hands
5 a fellow traveler James was travelling
by train with only a light backpack full
of money he was going to help his mom
buy a car on the train he got acquainted
with mr. brown the two men had a nice
chat but then James dozed off when the
train arrived at James Station mr. Brown
was nowhere to be seen James picked up
his backpack and although it looked
exactly like his there was no money
inside the bag was filled with screws
and nails
James rushed after mr. Brown and saw
that the man was carrying an identical
backpack after James called over a
police officer mr. Brown explained that
he had taken the wrong backpack by
mistake however the police officer still
arrested him why
[Music]
mr. Brown couldn't mix up the backpacks
because the one filled with nails and
screws had to be way heavier than the
one with the money 6 a construction site
incident David worked at a construction
site once someone attacked him and he
was taken to a hospital unconscious
police officers who arrived to
investigate the case have three suspects
Alex
Ryan and John Alex said that he was
putting tiles on the roof when the
accident happened
Ryan confessed that he was sleeping
under the tree and John claimed that he
was laying bricks at that time you have
ten seconds to figure out who's lying
[Music]
Alex was the one who heard David the
building has no roof yet so he couldn't
put tiles up there 7 which exit you were
kidnapped boy there's a lot of that
going on isn't there and are being kept
in a basement with three exits but one
exit is guarded by two angry dogs near
the second there stands a mean-looking
guard and the third exit has an
explosive with a five-minute timer which
is already on uh-oh what should you do
to escape unscathed
ten seconds to figure it out be patient
wait for five minutes until the
explosive goes off and then leave
through the third exit eight a
near-fatal fall Mary was standing on an
80-foot ladder with a bucket of paint
suddenly she slipped from the ladder and
fell to the ground but miraculously
besides spilling all the paint she
didn't get injured at all how come
[Music]
the letter was lying on the ground nine
pirates problem
why can't pirates ever finish the
alphabet you have only ten seconds to
get it
[Music]
they always get lost at sea now for
those of you who answered they can't get
past our we'll give you credit for that
because it's funnier number 10 a summer
night party one summer night Emily threw
a big party but in the morning she
discovered that someone had stolen all
her jewelry and money
the police have three suspects Daniel
the boyfriend Lily the best friend and
Hannah the sister Daniel told the police
that he was playing computer games with
his friend all night long
Lily felt sick and went home in the
middle of the night she'd known nothing
about the theft until the police called
her and Hannah said that she stayed at
the party until 7:00 a.m. and then took
a taxi because no one could give her a
lift
it was dark the whole time and she
couldn't see anything who was lying
[Music]
Hanan at 7:00 a.m. in the summer it's
already light outside 11 a plane crash
Dylan was going to a conference by plane
when one of the engines suddenly
exploded and the aircraft went down
Dylan was stuck in the cabin which was
filled with thick smoke and flames the
man found three objects a fire
extinguisher a pair of polyester
flippers and a hot water bottle with a
wool cover which of these things can
save his life
[Music]
dillan won't have enough time to use the
fire extinguisher he'll suffocate long
before polyester flippers will melt at
such high temperatures to get out of the
burning plane the man should take the
hot water bottle
remove the wool cover pour some water on
it and keep it near his face as a gas
mask 12 a perfect breakfast once a
maniac kidnapped Zowie kidnapped again
and held her in his house there was no
way the girl could escape but one day
the man got bored and decided to make
fun of his prey you'll have to make
breakfast for me tomorrow if I like it
I'll let you go if not your life will
end in the morning Zoe went to the
kitchen and started cooking but when she
turned away from the stove the maniac
who had sneaked inside threw a whole box
of salt into the pan however when Zoe
served him breakfast he realized he had
to let the girl go free you have ten
seconds to figure out what Zoe had
cooked Zoe made hard-boiled eggs and now
to the most awaited part your results if
you solve 0 to 4 puzzles you get a
bronze medal I admit it's not first
place but who knows maybe next time the
gold will be yours if you manage to
crack five to eight riddles your medal
is made of silver just a bit more
practice and you'll be singing we are
the champions and if your score is 9 to
12 solved brain teasers or brain
tweezers you've earned a gold medal keep
it up and don't stop training nowadays
competition is very tough are you
satisfied with your results or are you
planning to practice more let me know
down in the comments if you learn
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go solving any riddles just
yet we have over 2000 Cova
is for you to check out all you have to
do is pick the left or right video click
on it and enjoy remember stay on the
bright side of life